# AirBnb_Data

This project was done utilizing Tableau in order to create stunning visualizations to help my friend make a worthy investment into an AirBnb property in his foreseeable future. My friend was interested in looking into the great Seattle Washington area. This data collected was back from 2016. In order to create the visualizations, I first had to import the AirBnb data into Tableau. In the data, it has three tabs which includes Listings, Calendar, and Reviews. Had to use the Join clause to combine Listings, and Calendar in order to gain further insights on the data being housed. The other tab "Reivews" was not needed in this project. Furthermore, the Price by ZipCode sheet was created to help my friend understand the average price of an AirBnb home with respect to the ZipCodes. Discovered that Zip Code 98134 had an average price range of $206 dollars per night. Sheet two was created to give my friend a map view of latitude and longitudinal data to help him understand the differences between the average prices, and each Zip Code in that area. Sheet three was creaated to help my friend gain further insights on the best weeks/Months to rent out his property on AirBnb which are the months of June, and December. Sheet four gives further insights on the average price per bedroom since he would like to make a great return on investment. Sheet five was created to help my friend weigh out the competition by the number of bedroom listings on Airbnb. All of this data was then added into one by creating a dashboard to present to my friend.  
